hello and weapon up mister where you're
going to open a modern masters pack but
it didn't modern masters we're gonna see
what we get here we go okay so build
elkin uh dizzam dis miser Tanana and
nubra spider Kiptyn great heart dispel
capsule logic not echoing courage Kurt
Kurt Kurt Kurt bound in silence warden
weirding art bound stinger this is
Sting's courage vivid Marsh vivid
marketers battles the battlefield tapped
with to charge counters on it tap
adblock to your mana pool remove a
charge counter from your vivid March and
one minute of any color to your mana
pool Trump the domains vivid meadow to
go with my vivid March mark stone heuer
giant he is a to widen three creature
giant warrior vigilance white and one
search your library for an equipment
card and put it onto your battlefield
attach it to a creature you control then
shuffle your library shammi maelstrom
pulse green black and one sorcery
destroy to rely on permanent and all
other permanents with the same name as
that permanent wow that's powerful and
it's a rare loot and it got it done all
right that is our modern masters opening
hope you enjoyed have a nice day this is
open boosters